hi Cheri from over there Martha and I
wanted to talk to you about raindrop
I just finished training and it was so
much fun and I learned so much so
definitely look up the Young Living
educational website it's on Young Living
comm and you can see if they are having
education near you it's one hundred
thirty dollars but I got a massage an
hour-long massage I gave a massage and
then I also had a free lunch and I got
for free oils 130 bucks totally worth it
best day ever so I kind of want to show
you a little bit about my defects
because I have a lot of questions not
like how do you do it we don't
understand so this is how we do it take
your arm and put your hand on your arm
so this is the bio flex technique and
then you're going to basically wherever
you place your fingers so this is this
either bone as a guide you're gonna
leave them there so they're never really
going to move you're gonna do this
motion with your fingers but they stay
in the same place so you're not gonna
have any slipping so fingers here you're
going to move to where you get the
fingernails poking toward you and they
shouldn't be painful though and then
you're gonna flick the wrist so flick
flick flick all the way up the spine
right it's fine now the spine and vitae
flex is actually on your foot your foot
here it is so as you can see this is
your head and then this is your spine
you've got your organ systems on each
side so you can do by to flex that same
technique with any place on your foot
with the corresponding organs right so
I'm gonna show you my foot it's probably
gonna be embarrassing but I like you
guys so here you go here's my foot so
the way that it works is you take your
ankle and you go across in a straight
line this is where you'll start by to
flex and they'll go all the way up to
your big job
all right so I'm just gonna use valor
because you can kind of see valor I mean
that really but it's boldly and then you
put your fingers on your foot I remember
you're gonna do these flicks right so
flick flick all the way up your till you
get to the big toe right all the way up
so one two three four five six so that's
pretty much how you do it
and they say you should do it three
times so in sets of three should always
do about it well so that's kind of how
how you do it I hope that makes sense I
hope that that clears things things up
you have any questions let me know
all right guys talk to you later great
day